 this is the dog that inspired the breed.
 a boy jumping on the bed with a ball.
 the summit of the mountain.
 the city is a great place to shop and eat.
 a father and son playing on the beach.
 a boy playing on the beach.
 a dog jumping up and down on a bed.
 the view from the top of the mountain.
 climbing on the rock wall.
 a little girl and her father on the playground.
 the river is a popular destination for kayaking and rafting.
 the route to the summit of the mountain.
 dogs playing in the water.
 dog, a pug, is a happy dog.
 the dog is a rescue dog.
 dog in the water.
 the fountain in the center of the park.
 a man climbing a rock face.
 a man and his son sitting on the steps of a cafe.
 the rock face of the mountain.
 the basketball team.
s a man standing on a mountain top with a mountain range in the background
 a woman riding a bicycle on the street.
a woman riding a bicycle in the city.
 a woman taking a photo of the view from the top of the castle.
 dog in the water.
 person, the artist behind the comic book.
 a man walks on the beach at sunset.
 the view from the top of the mountain.
 a dog and her owner on a snowy day.
 dog on the beach.
 Photo : Getty
 # of the team is a point guard.
 a dog with a big smile and a big tongue.
 a man in a suit and sunglasses with a motorcycle helmet and a gun.
 mother and daughter on the beach.
dog playing in the snow.
climber climbing a rock.
 a man rides a snowmobile through the snow.
 a boy and a girl jumping on a trampoline in the backyard.
 Photo : person.
 american football player is helped off the field after being injured during the game
person is tackled by american football player.
 american football team celebrates a touchdown against american football team.
 a dog jumps into the air to catch a frisbee during the competition
 a little boy playing on the beach with a ball.
 a boy jumps into the water from a diving board at a swimming pool.
 the art of the sport of karate is a martial art that is practiced
 a surfer on a wave.
 a dog playing with a ball in the park.
 a herd of horses running in the wild.
 person wins the race in the first leg of the derby.
 dog running in the water.
 dog playing in the pool.
 riding a bike on the road with my son.
 a little boy in a swimming pool with a pair of sunglasses on his head
 a boy is playing in the park with his father.
 a dog running on a beach.
 the festival of the festival.
 the campfire at night.
happy boy jumping on the floor with a white background.
 a dog playing in the pool.
 the dog is a rescue dog that was rescued from a shelter.
 a group of people on horseback on the way to the top of the
 a woman with a smile on her face.
 the view from the summit of the mountain.
 the dog is a black and white dog with a white muzzle and a black
 a man on a bike in the air.
 A man dressed as a priest holds a sign that reads, 'God is
 dog playing in the water at the beach.
 a dog and a person playing with a ball in the park.
 the sun sets over the city.
 a surfer rides a wave on a wave.
 the image of a motorcycle rider on a motorcycle.
basketball player shoots the ball against basketball team.
 the dogs are playing in the water.
 a dog running in the water.
 the dog is seen running through the fence and jumping over the gate.
 dog is a black and white dog with a white spot on his head.
 the girl is seen in a hospital bed with a tube in her mouth.
 person, ridden by jockey joseph person, wins the race.
 a surfer rides a wave on a wave.
 a man in a suit and tie, a man in a suit and tie
 # shoots the ball against basketball team.
 a surfer rides a wave on a longboard.
 The dolphins are seen in the water.
 the audience at the event.
 person and character from the film.
 dog playing in the water with a ball.
a group of tourists taking a picture of the city.
 a surfer rides a wave at the beach.
 a surfer rides a wave at the beach.
basketball player shoots the ball against basketball team.
 a surfer rides a wave on a wave.
 a surfer rides a wave on a wave.
 Climbing on the rock face.
 a skateboarder in the street.
 the best of the best in the world in the snowboard halfpipe.
 the team of the day : rugby player in action against person.
a group of girls in school uniform.
basketball player shoots over basketball player.
 the dog is a great dog for kids and adults.
 a surfer rides a wave at the beach.
 a dog running in the forest.
 dogs in the snow.
 a little boy riding a bike in the street.
 the guitar player of the band, playing the guitar.
 the view from the top of the mountain.
 the river is a beautiful sight to see.
 a dog running in the park.
 person, a horse owned by person, wins the race.
basketball player # shoots the ball against american football team.
basketball player # dribbles the ball against person.
 the dog is a rescue dog and is now a part of the family.
 a bald eagle in the water.
 football team are in action against football team.
 the best of the best : the best of the best of the women '
 tennis player in action.
 the city from the top of the tower.
 a skier in the backcountry on a powder day.
 a dog in the snow.
 boys basketball team plays against person in a boys basketball game.
 a man dancing on the street.
 the trail is a bit of a challenge.
 the crowd at the parade.
 dog running in the field.
 #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #
 a photo of the snowboarder in the air.
 a dog running on the beach.
 a skier in the backcountry.
 tourists take photos of the statue of a woman in front of the temple.
 a woman walking on the street with a sign that reads : 'walk on
 a bald eagle in flight.
 a little girl dancing in the living room with her mother.
 a dog and a person on the beach.
a mother and her daughter walking on a path in the park.
 the best surfers in the world are surfing in the water.
 : tennis player is the first woman to win a grand slam singles title in
 tennis player in action during his match against tennis player.
 a climber on the ice.
 a dog walking through the forest.
 dog in a winter coat.
 The dog is a rescue dog.
 the race was won by a rider who was in the top ten in the
 the horse racing event at the end of the day.
 player is the first player to hit a home run in the game.
 a dog on the beach.
 a dog jumps over a hurdle at the dog show.
 dog, a golden retriever, playing in the water.
 dog playing in the water at the dog park.
 the summit of the mountain.
 the horse and rider in the parade.
 a dog in a show.
baseball game between the city and the school.
 the stairs leading up to the bridge.
 a skateboarder in action.
 the dog is a black and white poodle.
 a skier in the air on a powder day.
 boxer, left, throws a punch at boxer.
 boxer, left, punches boxer in a boxing match.
 the street performers are a big draw for tourists.
 the image of a person walking down the street.
 a skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp.
 The parade is a highlight of the festival.
 Photo by : photo by : photo by : photo by : photo by :
 a cowboy rides a horse during the rodeo.
 a bull rider takes a tumble during the rodeo.
 a dog and a cat in the forest.
 the image of a child playing soccer in the park.
 the dog and I on the trail.
 the race for the lead in the race for the first time in the season
 the trail is a bit of a challenge.
 dog running in the park.
the team for the match against football team.
 the image of a girl with a smile on her face.
 a surfer rides a wave at the beach.
 the dog on the beach.
 the parade of the parade.
 dogs playing in the sea.
 parade is a popular event in the city.
 a dog running through a sprinkler in the rain.
 a skateboarder performs a trick on the board.
 a photo of a person on a skateboard.
a woman walking on the street with a headscarf.
 a dog in the snow.
 a man in a suit and sunglasses.
 a car is stopped at a red light on a busy street.
 climber on the summit of a rock face.
 The view from the top of the mountain.
 a tourist couple taking a photo of the view from the top of the tower
 dog, a black and white dog, is seen running through the grass.
 a little girl swinging on a swing in the park.
 the dog is a black labrador retriever.
 dog playing in the water.
 dog running in the park.
 dogs playing on the beach.
 my son and i on the beach.
 the dog is running in the air.
 a toddler splashing in the water at the splash pad.
 the view from the top of the mountain.
 a young girl in a red dress and white sneakers jumps on a tramp
 the dog is a black labrador retriever.
 the image of a little girl with a big smile on her face.
 the view from the top of the mountain.
 a dog running in the water.
